HTCONDOR-2611: 24.0 upgrade docs (#2900)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/version-history/upgrading-from-23-0-to-24-0-versions.rst

most significant changes; a full list of changes can be found in the
version history: \ `Version 23 Feature Releases <../version-history/feature-versions-23-x.html>`_):

> - Much improved disk usage tracking and enforcement is now available
>   when using the Logical Volume manager. Also, the execute directories
>   can be encrypted. See :macro:`STARTD_ENFORCE_DISK_LIMITS` for configuration
>   information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Much improved disk usage tracking and enforcement is now available
  when using the Logical Volume manager. Also, the execute directories
  can be encrypted. See :ref:`LVM Description` for more information.
```

  :jira:`1783`
  :jira:`2558`

- Additions to the :tool:`htcondor` CLI tool.
  - Add htcondor job ``out``, ``err``, and ``log`` verbs.
    :jira:`2182`
  - Add nouns ``server``, ``ap``, and ``cm`` that take a ``status`` verb.
    :jira:`2580`
  - Add ``credential`` verb to assist in debugging credential problems.
    :jira:`2483`

- Add support for tracking and enforcing CPU and memory utilization using
  cgroups version 2.

- On execution points using cgroups, jobs can only see GPUs that have been
  assigned to that job.

> - DAGMan can now produce job credentials when submitting host directly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DAGMan can now produce job credentials when submitting directly to
```
